[Music]
to add back Blaze as a storage you go to
settings then click on storage add new
and choose back Blaze when you click on
back Blaze you'll see several fields
that need to be filled out the first
step is to give your storage a name this
can be anything that helps you identify
the storage next decide whether you want
to share this storage source with others
or keep it private for your use only
now choose whether to give us readon or
read write access readon lets you view
and import content and read write lets
you both import and upload videos this
is great if you want to send videos back
to back Blaze or upload directly from
The Cutting Room reporter app when you
have done this you need to find the rest
of the information in back Blaze I'm
going to quickly show you how to do it
log in to back Blaze and you'll see all
your existing storage buckets if you
don't have one yet no worries
just click create a bucket give your
bucket a unique name and choose whether
it's public or private you can also turn
on encryption and an object lock for
extra security if
needed next up we need to create an
application key to connect back Blaze to
Cutting Room head over to application
keys in back Blaze and click add a new
application key give it a name then
choose which bucket you want to link it
to select your access level read write
is usually a good choice but pick what
works best for
you now back Blaze will generate the
application key be sure to copy this
information and save it somewhere safe
because it will only show up once with
that application key ready let's head
back to Cutting Room if you go back to
the document or location where you saved
the application key information you'll
find the application key ID and
application key simply copy and paste
those into the corresponding fields in
Cutting
[Music]
Room next for the bucket name this is
the name of the storage bucket you
created earlier in back Blaze if you
don't remember it no problem just head
back to back Blaze and you'll find it
listed there while you're in back Blaze
you'll also see the end point in the
bucket details copy and paste that into
Cutting Room as
well now you can save the
storage if you've given us readon
permission you can go back to the editor
and you'll find your back Blaze bucket
in the source player this will allow you
to view and import files from the bucket
into your
project if you've given us read write
permission you are given two options you
can either go back to back Blaze and
create a folder within the bucket you
created
[Music]
or you can just create one by entering
distribution in the settings click on
back Blaze and enter a display name and
a bucket path bucket path is the name of
the folder that will end up in back
Blaze if you've already made a bucket in
back Blaze then you just enter the name
of the folder here once that is done go
back to your project render the project
and you'll see an option under B2 to
export your rendered files directly to
your back Blaze
bucket now if you go back to back Blaze
open your bucket and navigate to the
folder you created earlier you'll find
the video you just
exported lastly we'll connect Cutting
Room reporter to your back blaz storage
first go to settings then reporter under
record and upload destination select
your back Blaze bucket here you only
have to enter your destination name
choose the storage and then the folder
for the videos this is the folder you
made in back blazs you can also choose
video resolution frame rates and allow
camera
orientations now any videos you record
using Cutting Room reporter will upload
straight into that bucket
[Music]